hey guys so today I want to do a quickly
a video showing you how you can create
mega folders with the brand new version
of Android Android M that i have
installed here on my Nexus 6 so when
it's a pretty cool thing that you can do
now that Google is allowing here so
let's just say my shirt is pretty quick
so at the moment in the end normal
version or in the Android version that
is available which I have here android
5.1 point one on the Nexus 5 and yeah
lollipop you can kind of see here I have
a created a folder here and then I have
a 16 apps here 4 by 4 and but I can't
put in any more apps because you will
see here when I try to insert another
app here now when it's full you can see
if it's not working oh my god yeah it's
trying to escape look at it what is it
doing that's so weird why is it doing
that well it's doing that because Google
has put a limit on how many apps you can
have in lollipop version of Android it
looks like at least in this dark version
so I just can't put it in yeah that's a
random but if I try here in another
folder here which one it has four then
that was easy okay because that one
isn't full you can have 16 apps in each
folder but cooling with the new version
of Android which is just well when the
developer preview at the moment is look
at this folder I can have multiple rows
of apps so you can see down here
different pages so it's pretty funny how
now you have discount you can create
like an actor or like the old after all
if you do get in android 5.1 lollipop
skc but you can now create it with USD
folders so if you kind of like this
old-school way or browsing through apps
you can just create a folder then I
think I was users also can do it but if
you want to
way you can go in here and scroll
through all of the apps and you can see
here that you see what kind of page you
are on and it looks like and you can
have a ton of that I'm not sure how many
pages but I wouldn't be right if you can
have like ten ten ten pages with apps so
that's definitely a nice you can also go
down here and change name and that was
something that also is a wellbore
already in in android 4.1 and then
it up but yeah just quickly a video
checking that out pretty cool I I find
and create a mega folder so yeah hope
you enjoyed in the pace